# VRDL Homework 1
Code for (???) place solution in CS_T0828_HW1

## Abstract
In this work, I use API-Net to train my model<br>
API-Net [Paper](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2002.10191.pdf) | [GitHub](https://github.com/PeiqinZhuang/API-Net)

I trained K models for K different splits of training/validation data.<br>
K-Fold [簡介](https://medium.com/@chih.sheng.huang821/%E4%BA%A4%E5%8F%89%E9%A9%97%E8%AD%89-cross-validation-cv-3b2c714b18db) | [summary](https://medium.com/datadriveninvestor/k-fold-cross-validation-6b8518070833)

In testing phase, I computed K logits by the K different models.<br>
Add up the logits and choose the category with the largest value.

- The submission with the highest score I made was obtained from 5 models with the best validation accuracy.
- In fact, it's just 0.02% better than the submission obtained from all the models.

## Hardware
The following specs were used to create the solutions.
- Ubuntu 18.04.5 LTS
- Intel(R) Xeon(R) Silver 4210 CPU @ 2.20GHz
- 4x GeForce RTX 2080 Ti

## Reproducing Submission
To reproduct my submission, do the following steps:
1. [Installation](#installation)
2. [Prepare Data](#dataset-preparation)
3. [Download Pretrained models](#pretrained-models)
4. [Inference](#inference)

## Producing Your Own Submission
To produce your own submission, do the following steps:
1. [Installation](#installation)
2. [Prepare Data](#dataset-preparation)
3. [Train](#train-models)
4. [Make Submission](#make-submission)

## Installation
All requirements should be detailed in requirements.txt. Using virtual environment is recommended.
```
virtualenv .
source bin/activate
pip3 install -r requirements.txt
```

## Dataset Preparation
You need to download the zip file "cs-t0828-2020-hw1.zip" by yourself.<br>
And put the zip file into the same directory as main.py, the directory is structured as:
```
VRDL_HW1
  +- datasets
  +- model
  +- utils
  +- get_answer.py
  +- main.py
  +- train.py
  +- cs-t0828-2020-hw1.zip
```

## Pretrained models
You can download pre-trained model that used for my submission from this [link](https://drive.google.com/file/d/1Ii6O2ym1O1gQxxTpdQc5wSeMjXqOuB-9/view?usp=sharing)
Unzip it and put it into the directory as below:
```
VRDL_HW1
  +- data
  +- datasets
  +- model
  +- results
  | +- APINet_KFold0
  | | +- bestmodel.pth.tar
  | +- APINet_KFold1
  | | +- bestmodel.pth.tar
  | +- APINet_KFold2
  | | +- bestmodel.pth.tar
  | +- APINet_KFold3
  | | +- bestmodel.pth.tar
  | +- APINet_KFold4
  | | +- bestmodel.pth.tar
  | +- APINet_KFold5
  | | +- bestmodel.pth.tar
  | +- APINet_KFold6
  | | +- bestmodel.pth.tar
  | +- APINet_KFold7
  | | +- bestmodel.pth.tar
  | +- APINet_KFold8
  | | +- bestmodel.pth.tar
  | +- APINet_KFold9
  | | +- bestmodel.pth.tar
  +- utils
  +- get_answer.py
  +- main.py
  +- train.py
  +- cs-t0828-2020-hw1.zip
```

## Inference
Run the following command to reproduct my prediction.
```
python3 get_answer.py APINet_KFold
```
It will generate a file named APINet_KFold.csv and it is my prediction of 95.42% computed by 10 models.

And the 95.44% prediction is generated by only the model in the folder
- APINet_KFold0
- APINet_KFold1 
- APINet_KFold3
- APINet_KFold5
- APINet_KFold7
because those five models have got better validation accuracy then the other five.<br>
you may replace the code in get_answer.py line 103 to line 113 with the code in line 116 to line 121


## Train Models
You can simply run the following command to train your models and make submission.
```
$ python main.py
```
If you'd like to train in custom hyperparameters, change the hyperparameters to whatever you like.<br>
Or you may try the following command.
```
$ python main.py --exp_name=custom --epochs==50 --KFold=3 --n_classes=20 --n_samples=3
```

You may interrupt your program at any time.<br>
(ex: You're sharing the GPUs with your classmates and they think that you're using too many GPUs or you have occupied them for too long.)

This code records the checkpoint in every epoch, so you may just input the same command line to resume the code.<br>
The expected training time is:

GPUs | KFold | Image size | Training Epochs | Training Time
------------- | ------------- | ------------- | ------------- | -------------
4x 2080 Ti | 10 | 320 | 100 | 19 hours


## Make Submission
In main.py, after we finish training K models, it will directly call
```
python3 get_answer.py {your exp_name}
```
It will generate a file {your exp_name}.csv which is the prediction of the testing dataset<br>
Use the csv file to make your submission!

## Citation
@inproceedings{zhuang2020learning,
  title={Learning Attentive Pairwise Interaction for Fine-Grained Classification.},
  author={Zhuang, Peiqin and Wang, Yali and Qiao, Yu},
  booktitle={AAAI},
  pages={13130--13137},
  year={2020}
}
